[Examples] Multiple enhancements to the ControlNet training scripts (#7096)
huggingface/diffusers: examples/controlnet/README_sdxl.md

### Specifying a better VAE

> SDXL's VAE is known to suffer from numerical instability issues. This is why we also expose a CLI argument namely `--pretrained_vae_model_name_or_path` that lets you specify the location of a better VAE (such as [`madebyollin/sdxl-vae-fp16-fix`](https://huggingface.co/madebyollin/sdxl-vae-fp16-fix)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDXL's VAE is known to suffer from numerical instability issues. This is why we also expose a CLI argument namely `--pretrained_vae_model_name_or_path` that lets you specify the location of an alternative VAE (such as [`madebyollin/sdxl-vae-fp16-fix`](https://huggingface.co/madebyollin/sdxl-vae-fp16-fix)).
```

(Suggesting a slightly more neutral term)

> SDXL's VAE is known to suffer from numerical instability issues. This is why we also expose a CLI argument namely `--pretrained_vae_model_name_or_path` that lets you specify the location of an alternative VAE (such as [`madebyollin/sdxl-vae-fp16-fix`](https://huggingface.co/madebyollin/sdxl-vae-fp16-fix)).

Reviewer 2: let's also update the inference code there to resize `control_image`, see https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/issues/7080#issuecomment-1965692529

Author: Done in 333f6f29.
